**Issues**

La Trattoria issues - Features

Navbar section and overlay

1. I want the hero intro overlay background div to be a picture slider where it slowly zooms into the picture and then fades into another picture. Maybe have 5 photos. -- COMPLETED (JUST NEED TO CHOOSE THE PHOTOS)
2. 1b. I want to create a hamburger icon under 1200px top right of the header and when i click it a side menu appears smoothly to the right from the left side of the website. The side menu will have all the nav menu links in a vertical column separated by a separator. The botton sectino of the side menu wil the address and contact details and will use the similar font used in the contact reservation online color and font themes. When the side menu is open
   the background of the website should be darkened. There should also be an animation effect on when i click on the hamburger icon. It should rotate. There should also be an x close icon on the top right of the side menu. When i click on it the same animation effect should apply as the hamburger icon and the side menu smoothly slides left and disappears. The side menu will take up 100% width of the screen when screen size is 360px and below.
3. When I click on the Book now button, I want it to go to the contact online reservation section.
4. For the menu items, i want a feature where i can filter by appetizers, mains, sides, desserts and all. Only show the items by which i have filtered it. Make the transition smooth.
5. In the about section i want a slow hovering up and down animation by having shape-1.png and shape-2.png located on the top left and bottom left background. This is also needs to be responsive.
6. In the photo carousel section, i want the photo carousel to automatically fade in and enter into the next photo. The carousel-buttons active state css should also match with the corresponding photo. The arousel-footer should also be responsiveness in its design. The review-buttons active css state should also match photo index.Also allow a user to manually click on a review button which will stop the autoslide and fade to the correct photo.
7. The contents of the reviews-wrapper should automatically slide to the left after 7 second delay smoothly. The review-buttons active css state should also match photo index. Also allow a user to manually click on a review button which will stop the autoslide and slide to the correct content.I also want it to be responsive and the image size to be adjusted proportionally. Reduce the p class left and div right font size.
8. In the email section when a user enters an email in the input, please ensure that the user has inputted a valid email. If so add a preloader that covers the entire screen with a circular white spinner with background of #E4C590 and the La Trattoria logo which is the same as the navbar in the top left corner.
9. In the contact section online reservation for each icon wrapper allow it to be a cursor pointer. Then when i click on on an icon wrapper in the middle input wrapper i want the border-color: hsl(38, 61%, 73%) and animation to be the same as the textarea and first input wrapper. Also ensure there is form validation for all fields. Show a small error message for missing data. If data input is successful, add a preloader that covers the entire screen with a circular white spinner with background of #E4C590 and the La Trattoria logo which is the same as the navbar in the top left corner.
   9.In the gallery carousel section, i want each image to slide smoothly to the left. I also have the option of clicking on a carousel button which will move smoothly to the correct photo. The gallery button active css will also be update when clicked. Please make this responsive as well. I also want each picture to be draggable to the left and right smoothly.
10. When i reduce the entire website under 330px screen size there is a white margin or padding on the right side of the screen. I dont want to see that.
11. I want the main hero overlay h1 and h2 and button to enter sequentially in a smooth manner.
12. Make loading images more performant. Implement lazy loading where necessary.
